Update tech radar docs on using an external datasource (#12406)
backstage/backstage: plugins/tech-radar/README.md

    const data = await fetch('https://mydata.json').then(res => res.json());

    // maybe you'll need to do some data transformation here to make it look like TechRadarLoaderResponse

>     // Need a converter for the Date object
>     return convertTechRadarData(data);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // For example, this converts the timeline dates into date objets
    return {
      ...data,
      entries: data.entries.map(entry => ({
        ...entry,
        timeline: entry.timeline.map(timeline => ({
          ...timeline,
          date: new Date(timeline.date),
        }))
      }))
    }
```

Author: That's even a better solution :)
Updating PR.
